Sit down and eat, let the servants clean up
Got it, Dad.
Eat more and lose weight
Thank you. When your brother gets married
You have to take care of yourself
Hahaha, why did the in-laws call so early?
Can't wait for the engagement period?
Why didn't you tell me about the return?
What's the fear?
You can't break the marriage
It's not that you don't know the cooperation between the two
Just get on this line
From then on, it will be a win-win situation of cooperation.
Are you so confused?
I can go to camp for your dad to take care of his family
But he hit Xi Xi
I can't stand this at all.
That also offends the family because of this
I know you want to protect her
But I absolutely don't allow it to be returned.